{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww32400\viewh19220\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Questions
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx770\pardeftab770\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 5/6/14\ulnone \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \uc0\u8730  Why are my text fields delegated in addContractView even though I haven't explicitly set self.textField.delegate = self; for each one of them?\
 \uc0\u8730  - I'm only setting the delegate of the textField I added, self.notes\
 \uc0\u8730  - Is it being set in Storyboard?\
	\uc0\u8730  - Correct, Ruben must have set it there. It's in the connections inspector. If set there, don't need to set it in viewDidLoad of text. Honestly this looks cleaner.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Old\ulnone \
green: 76, 215, 100\
blue: 102, 204, 255\
text: 50, 50, 50\
\
Can you add frameworks through CocoaPods?\
\
Difference between update frame ad update constraints? \
\
If submit button hasn't been hit and person goes back, make sure they know they're deleting their changes\
\
Why was git not tracking any changes?\
\
Consistency in text field scrolling\
\
What is the add data to table data source?\
\
Delete entries from core data? Where is the data stored again? Can just delete select entries?\
\
Why is the main master view not working?\
\
Crop image to circle?\
\
Possible to easily rename files and not get linker errors? Is this just done by specifying the full path in the identity and type inspector? Would be cool to rename my files to be prefixed by the project name.\
\
Let's get some parallax action going on!\
\
Design with a little more interest\
\
Use a date picker that doesn't take up the whole damn view to choose the due date for a project. What's the best way to do this? Simply opening up a new view controller to choose the date?\
\
What was the way you mentioned you can add views programatically for any screen size? The old way was to calculate screen size in the code, but now with auto layout you can do what in code?\
\
Separate method for setting styling of a UI components? And general things like scrollview.alwaysbouncevertical?\
\
Default image and tap to upload a new one? 
\b Just use a button and sets its foreground image with "setImage" instead of "setBackgroundImage"
\b0 \
\
Have a newly created contract be pushed to Parse as well as show up in table view?\
\
Have you used a backend before such as Parse?\
\
best way to transfer data between views? prepareforsegue or table data delegate?
\b  Fine for now but we'll create a Core data model tomorrow Thursday 1/16 @ 9:30 pm
\b0 \
\
get code on github? why doesn't it have all files?\

\b It should because all are within the Frankie folder. The two files that aren't within there can be moved inside and their file path can be changed in the right panel
\b0 \
\
Designing a custom table view?\

\b Can create custom table section headers, custom navigation elements (e.g. plus sign or gear icon) and custom spacing between table cells within storyboard
\b0 \
\
\
}